Add "RDP connection fail" section to desktop access troubleshooting docs (#13059)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/desktop-access/troubleshooting.mdx

instance(s) running Teleport's Windows Desktop Service to the LDAP server
(Active Directory Domain Controller).

### RDP Connection Failed

You click `CONNECT` on a Windows host from the Teleport UI, a new tab opens but
nothing is displayed other than the top bar and an error is displayed about a
failed RDP connection. You may also see errors similar to:

```text
Rdp(Io(Os { code: 54, kind: ConnectionReset, message: "Connection reset by peer" }))
```

**Solution:** Configure Certificate for RDP Connection

> This means that your Domain Controller do not support secure cipher suites for TLS

Author: I don't know to be honest with you. I might have gaps in my knowledge of Domain Controllers and Windows Servers. In my understanding Domain Controllers handle authentication and enforces policies for other Windows Server connected to it. So I thought that if we configure Policy on a Domain Controller, then it will propagate it to the other Window Servers and enforce it. I might be wrong, and if that's the case, then I think that we'll have to do configuration steps on every Windows Server and not just Domain Controller.

> This means that your Domain Controller do not support secure cipher suites for TLS

Author: I've created another PR: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/14366 that will enable certificate auto-enrollment for clients. When the DC is configured in this way then individual desktops will use the right certificate so there is no need to configure it on every Windows Server that we want to connect to.

instance(s) running Teleport's Windows Desktop Service to the LDAP server
(Active Directory Domain Controller).

> ### RDP Connection Failed

Reviewer: We use sentence case in headings. For some reason, headings in this page use capitalization inconsistently—you could either update just this heading (so we move gradually toward the standard style) or, if you have time, all the headings in the page.

> You click `CONNECT` on a Windows host from the Teleport UI, a new tab opens but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You click `CONNECT` on a Windows host from the Teleport UI, and a new tab opens, but
```

> nothing is displayed other than the top bar and an error is displayed about a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nothing is displayed other than the top bar. You see an error that refers to a
```
This is kind of a run-on sentence.

failed RDP connection. You may also see errors similar to:

```text
Rdp(Io(Os { code: 54, kind: ConnectionReset, message: "Connection reset by peer" }))
```

> **Solution:** Configure Certificate for RDP Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Solution:** Configure a certificate for RDP connections
```

> This means that your Domain Controller do not support secure cipher suites for TLS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that the desktop does not support secure cipher suites for TLS
```

connections.

> Make sure that you [Configure a certificate for RDP connections](./getting-started.mdx#step-47-configure-a-certificate-for-rdp-connections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you [configure a certificate for RDP connections](./getting-started.mdx#step-47-configure-a-certificate-for-rdp-connections).
```
Since we're incorporating this into a sentence, we don't need to use the capitalization of the section we're linking to.
